I've now installed the React Stripe checkout module, so inside of order show at the very top I'm going
to import Stripe checkout from React Stripe checkout.
Ben for right now, I'm always going to show an instance of this thing down at the very bottom where
we have our timer for right now.
So inside that div.
Right after all that text.
I'm going to put in React or simply just stripe checkout.
Here we go.
And then I'm going to make sure that I pass this thing, the two required properties.
So the two required properties are token, which must be a callback function.
So for right now, I'm going to receive the token that we get back from this little component and I'll
just console.log the token.
The second thing we have to provide is our stripe publishable key.
So I'm going to put in Stripe Key.
And then going to go back over to my stripe dashboard.
Here's the publisher key.
I'm going to copy that and throw it in directly right there.
Now, as the name implies, publishable key means that we can safely share this with the outside world.
So there's no security risk if someone gets their hands on this publishable key.
Having said that, it's not always a really great practice to have a hardcoded key directly inside of
your code.
So it would be a little bit better if we instead extracted this thing into a separate helper file or
something like that, even as an environment variable or even a Kubernetes secret.
At this point, I'm going to leave that up to you, because we've gone through the process of creating
secrets, environment variables, all that stuff quite a bit throughout this course.
Do keep in mind, though, that this will be an environment variable that's going to be used with next.
You might want to take a look at the stripe or the next JS documentation and just take a look at how
they handle environment variables.
For me, I feel totally fine just throwing the key directly in here for right now.
After that, we're then going to specify the amount that we want to pay.
So the amount is going to be on the order that we received as a prop.
And if we forget what we actually want to reference on there, we can always go take a look at that
order inside of our request log.
So here it just refreshed.
I lost my request log.
Let me create another order.
There's the request for the order right there.
So on the order that we get back or the order that we have as a prop, we have the ticket property and
inside there is the price.
So we want to take.
Order ticket price and then remember everything around Stripe treats amounts or prices costs however
you want to refer to it as sense as opposed to US dollars.
So we're going to take our price and multiply it by 100.
Finally, I'm going to add on a final prop to this thing of email.
So how are we going to get the user's email inside of here?
Well, let's remove that email for just a second.
We will add it back in.
But first, I want to understand how we can get the user's email inside this component.
You might recall that a little bit ago inside of our app component, which is rendering our child components
in this case, that includes order show.
Inside of our app component, we get access to the current user and we pass that into our child component
as a prop called current user.
So technically, our order show component, the one that we are working on right now, receives a prop
of current user.
So we're going to want to take that current user prop.
And you might recall that inside there is the user's email address.
So we should be able to add in.
Email as current user.
Email like so.
Okay.
So that is all we should need to get started with Stripe.
So let's save this.
I'm going to flip back over.
As usual, my order has already expired.
So let me go back.
Create a new order.
And now we get this pay with card button so I can click on that and that will show my little pop up
window.
Notice how the email is already displayed right there at the top so the user does not have to enter
that separately.
Now all we have to do is put in $20 and we are good to go.
Well, don't worry.
You do not have to put in a real credit card number here.
It turns out that very similar to those test tokens that always work, always succeed.
There's something very similar for credit card numbers as well.
So let's take a pause right here and then test out this little window in just a moment.